example: profile using custom codeable concepts (#5799)
medplum/medplum: examples/medplum-fsh-profiles/README.md

# Medplum FSH Profiles

> This project contains FHIR Shorthand (FSH) definitions for custom FHIR profiles used with Medplum. It includes patient and healthcare service profiles with custom vocabularies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains FHIR Shorthand (FSH) definitions for custom FHIR profiles used with Medplum. It includes `Patient` and `HealthcareService` profiles with custom vocabularies.
```

Since profiles are tied to specific FHIR resources, we should follow the consistent style of: 
1. Backticks
2. Capitalization matching the FHIR spec
